c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.config
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.g.resources
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe
c:\users\matt.watson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Resources\CloudConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Config\CloudConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt.Watson\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.config
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Config\CloudConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Resources\CloudConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.g.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Config\ScheduleConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Config\NotificationConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Config\CloudConfig.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.config
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.exe
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Common.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Dns.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Groupware.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Imap4.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Mail.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Nntp.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.OpenPGP.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Pop3.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Smtp.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.WhoIs.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Common.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Dns.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Groupware.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Imap4.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Mail.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Nntp.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.OpenPGP.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Pop3.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.Smtp.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\ActiveUp.Net.WhoIs.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\bin\Debug\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewNotification.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\Profiles.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\Notifications.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewNotification.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\EditProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewProfile.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\Profiles.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\Notifications.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.g.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.application
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.exe
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\CloudScan.pdb
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewSchedule.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddNewSchedule.g.cs
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddEmail.baml
C:\Users\Matt\Desktop\Projects\CloudScan\CloudScan\obj\Debug\AddEmail.g.cs
